feat: add ie update to message docs (#1523)
huggingface/text-generation-inference: docs/source/messages_api.md

print(chat_completion)
```

## Hugging Face Inference Endpoints

> TGI is now integrated with [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/inference-endpoints/dedicated) and can be easily accessed with only a few lines of code. Here's an example of how to use IE with TGI using OpenAI's Python client library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Messages API is integrated with [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/inference-endpoints/dedicated).  
Every endpoint that uses "Text Generation Inference" with an LLM, which has a chat template can now be used. Below is an example of how to use IE with TGI using OpenAI's Python client library:
```
